doc/cephadm: accessing the admin socket (#35088)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephadm/troubleshooting.rst

  ceph config set mon public_network <mon_network>

For more detail on operations of this kind, see :ref:`deploy_additional_monitors`

Accessing the admin socket
--------------------------

> Each Ceph daemon provides an admin socket bypassing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Ceph daemon provides an admin socket that bypasses the

> MONs (See :ref:`rados-monitoring-using-admin-socket`).

Reviewer: Does this mean "Each Ceph daemon provides an admin socket **that** bypasses the Mons" or "Each Ceph daemon provides an admin socket **by** bypassing the MONs"?

Author: the former

Reviewer: ADded suggestion for ease :)

> Each Ceph daemon provides an admin socket bypassing the
> MONs (See :ref:`rados-monitoring-using-admin-socket`).

Reviewer 2: > Does this mean "Each Ceph daemon provides an admin socket **that** bypasses the Mons" or "Each Ceph daemon provides an admin socket **by** bypassing the MONs"?

**that** 

```suggestion
Each Ceph daemon provides an admin socket that bypass the
MONs (See :ref:`rados-monitoring-using-admin-socket`).
```

> As the daemons run within containers, we first have to enter the container on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the daemons run within containers, enter the container on

> As the daemons run within containers, we first have to enter the container on
> the host before accessing the admin socket::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access the admin socket, first enter the daemon container on the host::
```
In addition to the suggestion from @asettle ... also drop the phrase `As daemons run within containers` ?
